Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#1278)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> *Replace this paragraph with a description of what this PR is changing or adding, and why. Consider including before/after screenshots.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Replace this paragraph with a short description of what issue this pull request (PR) solves and provide a description of the change.  Consider including before/after screenshots.*
```

> *List which issues are fixed by this PR. You must list at least one issue.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*List at least one fixed issue.*
```
